Aluminum repair bodywork
Repair is becoming more and more important there
to have tools we are here
carbon in hall 11.0 on the
automechanika with me is the
sales manager of carbon sigi müller
I am very happy that you are here
Mr. Müller , there was the ten years ago
first appearance of the ecosystem here in
frankfurt at the automechanika today
they have a very big very wide
accepted international stand where
the secret of success of carbon
quite simply on the name of me often wonder
Joking aside the majority where we are
meanwhile market look out
Rehborn lackierer where many system
have decided meanwhile great
breakfast Germany is simply the
sustainability yes, the professionalism
the package whole package with
refer marketing support yes
should mobile industry the
paint manufacturer with in the boot
Thus, the customer has a set up we have
In any case, we motorsport again
poleposition has and accordingly
develops automatically activate
title la roja and that is special
among other things the ease if
Take your hand like the Pole
Master me whatever material you need
is that we have aluminum everywhere
Titan alloyed components
So we have a good ergonomics though
It's always such a small part of you
have to testify as she is very
easy to learn a lot yes and that
Employee has in each area
it just feels good to do it
possibility of juggling with the sheet metal
and was very important, everyone is hurt
has its own character like us
people smoke so there is none
standard tools and should be with us
the miracle we have with their power
press with adhesive technology all around
System was developed in the body shop
and paint the possibility there
to be of a wise and fall
doing to respond lasting on the market
new style reinmache repair
demands the market demands the
insurance
he is not just one by now
crafts but it in management
body repair to set
where exactly is the profit of use for
the specialist company if he has the system
quite a bit of the prophet if they are
some three windows have if they
drive or drive by car
have to halve the work process
If you can just have a short time if
we look all the way up , we have that
A5 had you new vehicle 1000 pages
kilometer far one broke
we have set the stand around
50% time saved from the body
work and accordingly is his
Operation the 50 percent use in the
preparation and then not only
Crafts but only management like
said yes to play like I do
then the invoice we have that
big topic here at the events
at the automechanika in recent
aluminum has come the days
material mix is ​​still on the rise
There are also special aluminum on
aluminum set what you offer
how do you assess the development in
the area simply by the
Lightweight construction on the market is becoming more and more so
meanwhile we have vehicles
talk about cfk monocoque chassis
motor sport now the parts come mark
pure yes aluminum is always more if
the vehicles must be lighter yes
to bring the Co2 limited wonder
to be directed downwards and thus with
aluminum building materials yes a reason
material easily easy riske sheet metal and
Today we have the tooth and vehicles
with aluminum iron we have
Accordingly, articles and so on
further where but the fitter not at all
white is aluminum or steel if now
is not deposited in any escape currency
which portal medium is the
crack point the alu parts of relatively
very expensive we always talk about 45 6 800
Euro
then prefer to sell my work hours
so under the more money earned stroked
we'll look at each other like one
repair can look like one
lamborghini standing here at the stand
the miracle system is out
several building blocks together and the
Building blocks are designed to be like you
repaired and examined first the
Damage that is authoritative
especially with the aluminum
Repair and then I try
I want to be gentle
start with the adhesive technique search me
my adhesive pads bring out the ones on the
Damage on must the glue then
cure accordingly and
melt glue no two components
glue also very user friendly
is and it takes about five minutes
then the train is ready
and then I can pull the appropriate train
attach tool and start the
Do not massage out damage site
work striking but make out
is a significant advantage and
Part of the marketing
furthermore , it is so that we
after this selection process already so
far are we under tension that
tap and then remove paint and
then work with the pid technique and
this technique does not hurt the deep ones
layer but only welds in the
surface and then it repeats itself
keep the tap under tension and
Last but not least we have 1 pot intimately
stand and especially in the alu area
it is very important